Steven Spielberg presents gremlins Billy
Peltzer has a nice home Billy is that
you
yeah Moe it's me a nice job a nice girl
if you're not doing anything this
Thursday night maybe you'd like to go
out on a date with me I'd love to and
loving parents who were about to give
him you're gonna like this no no no
don't shake it we're gonna have to open
it out while wait for Christmas the most
unusual gift he ever got what is it
it's your new bed come on Barney be a
good dog my dad gave it to me but there
are a few things to keep in mind if you
expose it to the light you may hurt it
if you get it wet it will multiply all
that from water I got wet yeah
plain water and most important no matter
how much they beg never never let them
eat after midnight because when they do
they change yeah safe yeah
they become ever mischievous come here
I'm dangerous someone's that little
monsters right ha no Joe well I don't
know maybe thousands
you to be what are these things where
did they come from
look I know it sounds crazy I know but
in a few hours you can have a major
disaster on your hands
gremlins directed by Joe Dante they'll
be expecting you